THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, THURSDAY, AUGUST 24 1905.

CHANCES OF PEACE

PRESS RUMOURS RIFE.

THE PRESIDENTS PROPOSALS.

London, August 23.
The “Times” is a telegram from Portsmouth
quotes a high Japanese authority as saying
yesterday that it Was more than possible that
{bat the plenipotentiaries would come to terms
on the subject of the indemnity and Saghalien
ijlaml.. Tift '•Times” adds that there is no
doubt that the Japanese want peaoe, and are
trying to make peace easy for Russia. (Reuter)

	Portsmouth (N.H.), August 23.
Well informed circles consider that final
ruptures to day are impossible. It is known
that President Roosevelt’s proposal oonsists in
Russia repurchasing all or part of the 8aghalien
Island for a sum to be determined hereafter, if
the belligerents disagree in future.This amount,
together with a Chinese payment for the oes-
sion of the railway and a Russian payment for
the maintenance of prisoners, is equal to
Japan's total war costs.
[Later). The Conference met to-day, but
nothing has yet been disclosed.	(Reuter)

Portsmouth (U.8.A.), August 23.
The next sitting offhe peace conference has
been adjourned till Saturday.	(Havas)

THE IMPERIAL MANIFESTO.

GREETED WITH THE MARSH

Moscow, August 23.
Extraordinary scenes took place here yester-
day when the Mayor proclaimed the Tsar’s
manifesto. The crowd greeted it with uproar,
aud sang the "Marseillaise.” Fierce speeches
were made expressing contempt for the mani-
festo. The Municipality moved a resolution
accepting the Constitution merely as a prelim-
inary step, and demanding freedom of speech,
for press and meeting.	(Reuter)

THE MOROCCO QUESTION.

GERMANY TO ANSWER THIS WEEK.

Paris, August 28.
Prince von Radolin will forward Germany’s
answer on the subject of the programme of the
Moroccan Conference at the end of the week.
(Havas)

EAST AFRICAN RISING.

DISAFFECTION SPREADING.
Berlin, August 23.
The rising is spreading in German Bast
Africa. The natives attacked the German camp
for two successive days but were repulsed.
(Reuter).

HOME CRICKET.

London, August 13.
Notts beat Derbyshire by 6 wickets. Glou-
cestershire best Surrey by 8 wickets. Sussex
beat Kent by 10 wickets. Woroestsrshire beat
Leicestershire by 110 runs. The other matches
were drawn.		(Reuter.)

PASSENGER LIST.

ARRIVALS.

Per P. & 0. 8.8. Caledonia arrived at Port
Said from London, on the 22nd inst.
Mr. J. Wheeler, Mr. J. Carr, Mr. and Mrs.
Fielden, Mr. A. P. Hirsch, Mr. C. Beckett, Mr.
A. Silvers, C. Adib Bey.
Per P. & 0. Isis arrived at Port Said from
Brindisi on the 23rd inst
Mr. P. Vuyk, Mr. G. Gifford, Mr. Pali-
canaky, Mr. D. Carrie, Mr. E. T. Richmond, Mr.
C. 0. Gok.

DEPARTURES.

Le paqoebot "Prince Abbas” de lstKhedrrisf
Mail parti hier.poor le Pir<e. Snjyrne, hfetalin,
Dardanelles et Constantinople sfoit k hfita:
LL EE. Mobamed Bey Abou phade, Moba-
mcdSadik Bey Ab*ta, F*kh*y Bey. Abate,
M •burned Bey Cherea et sa dame, Ahmed Bey
Chawky. Ahmed Bey Emm, Hassan Bey Cho-
rea, Mohamed Bey Rismie, Hamdi Bey Ieuuil,
Tewfick Bey Ypsri, Mme Alex. Benachi, WM,
noqrrioe et gonvernjrote, ColOoeJ Mitford, W.
Webb, Atbanaae Boiesoglo, Platon Papozi, M,
et Mme Spiro Antippa et f&milla, D. Kapadjis,
H. Ghessarian, SpiroJA. Cavadias, 8tavro Tbeo-
doridis, Ahmed Hamdi, Ant Mevros, Geo.
F-igs, Minas. Constantjnon, Athanase Xaris,
AnastsM Mardngoe, G. Pappadfkis, N. Mau-
gelos, Mme Athina Capaitsis et faailte, T,
Varonxis, C. Pepedflpoolos, -Ernest Grill, Mmes
A. Caradia, Pranghiades, Miles Caridas, aiof
qne 178 passegen de pont.

LOCAL AND GENERAL.

The Plague,—Yesterday's plague bulletin
reports one death at Alexandria, and one
death at Port Said.

Suez Canal —9 vessels passed through tbe
Canal ci&he 21st inst, 5 of wb&h were British,
3 German, 1 French. Tbe day’s reoeipts were
fra 279,745. making the total from the 1st
inst. frs. 6,209,725.81.

Cart Accident.—Yesterday a cart ran over
a native woman and a man in Sisters' street
As usual, the unfortunate woman came worst
out ol the accident, sustaining injuries that
require about ten days’ medical treatment.

Sudan Storm.—Heavy rain storms are re-
ported from the 8udsn. Two miles of the
permanent way on the Sudan line were washed
away on the 12th inst and the Kartonm-Wadi-
Halfa express did not arrive til the 14th inst.

Interesting Discovery - We hear that
fragments of columns and monoliths have been
discovered on the lands belonging to Skandar
Pasha Fehmi at Sirfi MasaoLd in the Marioot
district These antiquities are believed to be
Of Ptolemaic origin.

A Child Killed.—A little boy of four years
of age was playing in a large wheelbarrow in
the Labhan quarter yeaterdiy, when it over-
balanced and fell. The child was caught nnder
the barrow and receive 1 internal injuries which
proved fatal.

Zaoazio to Zifxa.—The oonstrqotion of a
line between Zagazig and Zifta will probably
be oomuienoed this winter; and the Ministry of
Pnblio Works is preparing a decree, which will
be submitted to the Council of Ministers re
the necessary expropriations.

Killed by a Tram —A collision ooourred
on-the Shocbra road on Tuesday between a
tram car and a cart. The foroo of the collision
threw a young girl to the ground and the
wheels of the tram passed over her and killed
her. The two other oooupants of the cart, a
blind man and his wife, were not injured.

London Stock Exchange. — Applications
have been made to the London Stook Ex-
further issue of 6,000 shares of £1 each, fully
paid, Nos. 30,601 to 36,000 ; and to allow the
following seourity to be quoted in the Official
List—Egyptian Estates, Ltd.—250,006 ordi-
nary shares of £1 each, Nos. 1 to 250,006.

Grand Crown Casino.—The management
of the'Crosrn Casigo at Ibrahimieh is present-
ing an excellent variety entertainment to its
patrons. To-night Mile. Nina de Pervenche,
an Italian artiste with a well-trained and
pure mezzo-soprano voioe, will appear for the
lint time at this theatre, and Mile Mary
Flenr, to whom the mnsio-hall youth (and
would-ba youth) of Cairo have without ex-
ception lost their hearts, will ask and obtain
the applause of the Crown Theatre audienoee.
The dnettist? Colibris are as lively and at-
tractive a couple as one oould wish to see,
and Mile Lyda Osman, a favorite in Egypt
ever sinoe the day of her arrival, is miking a
great hit with the song ‘Oil fa!” sang k
l'Egyptienne.

The Turkish Police. — News comes from
Coastantippple of the discovery by the Turkish
Police ol a perfect magazine of bombs in an
Armenian house at Smyrna. The polioe have
made numerous arrests, and the rospeotable
majority of the Armenian community is re-
ported to be greatly perturbed. Meantime the
searoh for the authors of the Constantinople
outrage continues, though we understand that
the real'culprit is known to have been killed
by the bomb, and a "Young Turkish" proclam-
ation attacking the Sultan, whioh was posted
up on some mosques lately, has caused the
police to redouble their vigilance. One of the
results of this renewal of activity has been the
arrest of a Frenchman who bora the same
Christian name as the fabulous Italian anarch-
ist who is the "official” author of the crime.

Crime at Kapr el Zayat. - Kafr el Zayat
and tbe sorronnding districts are notorious for
the prevalence of crime. Mnrders and other
serious (jffefioes oertainly seem more frequent
in these districts than in any others. Tho
Ministry of ^he Interior have just dompleted
tax inquiry into the base of a certain Mahmoud
el Arebi who fired a gun in dose proximity to,
if not actually at, two Englishman residing in
the village, and who gave at his excuse that
he was “frightened of the ghaffirt" which were
about A report now readies as that tbe body
of a man, named Jkfnstapha Omar, was -found
in the street at ge& el Z*yat two nights ago.
He had been shot twioe, there being two bullet
wounds, and than were alsotwo knife thrusts
:0 bis body, either of whieh would1' doubtless
have proved fetal. Tbe. attack, thereto^
and brought to justice.

SYRIA’S TRADE IN 1904.

DAMASCUS
Mr. Richards, H.B.M.'s Consul at Damasons,
wiuts out in his report on the trade of the
Syrian oapital in 1904, that absolutely, or
even, in some oases, relatively* accurate data ;
are unattainable. owing to the absenoe of any !
official figures of the amount and value of the -
exports and imports Of the vilayet In 1901 ,
trade seems to have been normal, though a ,
bad harvest had, of ooune, considerable .
influence on the purchasing powers of the ,
peasantry. Sogar appears to have risen enorm-
ously in prioe owing,' it is said, to the .
withdrawal of the Austro-Hungarian Govern- ,
ment bounty hitherto granted to Bogar
exporters, and tbe failure of the beetroot .
crop in'Austria and Rustia. Another oause -
was the oessation of the cholera epidemic ;
whioh had raged for nearly a year inthe
oountry, The oonnectioD does not seem ob- ‘
vions at first sight but is easy enough to
realise, when the foot is grasped that the
onsumption of tea, and consequently of ,
sugar, rises abnormally during an epidemo ;
whioh makes evta the waters of Abana and j
Pharphar suspect	,
Egyptian rice completely ousted the Genoa
artiole in the vilayet, and appears to be the ;
best obtainable, the Rangoon produot coming ,
second. No loss than 70 % of the whole ,
import of rioe came from Egypt and Egyptian
sugar was also more freely imported than
before. Tbe export of native silk and ootton
fabrics to Egypt increased, and Cairo took
nearly all the handsome silver girdles, which
every tourist knows, amounting to some £7,000
in value. These girdles, Mr. Richards states
are made as a rule, oat of melted Maria-
Teresa dollars imported from Aden and the
Straits Settlements, and are sold at about two
shillings each.
To tarn to the trade with the United
Kingdom and with India, British imports con-
sist mainly of cotton goods, ootton and woollen
yams, doth, hardware and metals. The slight
decline reoorded is easily explained by the bad
harvest, and it is satistaotory to note that
despite dismal forecasts of the ousting of British
ootton goods and yarn by Italian and German
product i, these dangerous competitors are
losiog ground. British ootton yarn advanoed
from 41 to 60 % of the whole trade in this
artiole and the United Kingdom is responsible
for 82 % of the whole import of ootton goods.
Hardware fell off owing to the faot that one
throwing machine only was imported in the
oourae of tha year. Mr. Richards remarks that
Syria is extraordinarily backward in this
respeot,even for an Oriental country,land^notas
the conservatism of the few large land owners
who oould afford- to purchase up-to-date agri-
cultural machinery. On the other hand a con-
siderable number of stocking-knitting maohinee
are yearly imported, selling for £9 12s. eaoh,
and there is some demand for sewing machines
Bioyoles— mirabiU dicta I — have also bdffli
sent to Syria, bat as the author of the report
justly remarks, "the execrable state of the
roads makes the demand for this means of looo-
mation less and less every year.” It is perhaps
a sign of'the times that while the lawful im-
portation of cheap andinferior sporting smooth-
bores fell off in 1904,the illicit import trade in
serviceable rifles showed an inoreaae. The
Martini-Henry was the favorite pattern, but
Mansers and Miionliohera found their way into
the oountry. This year the trade is said to be
prospering, and quite a number of Mausers
have found their way to the Hauran, while
Martinis, with eaoh of whioh fifty rounds of
ammunition are given away, are as popular as
ever.	►
The report throws some interesting side-
lights on the eoonomic condition of the oountry,
and on the changes that, even in the East,
affect the demand for oertain goods. Marble
is no longer so freely used in domestio arehi-
teotare. The Damascenes 'are nowadays more
economically inclined than they used to be in
the matter of the adornment of the oonrtyards,
and still more of the interiors of their houses,
into ^rhich marble^)lain and riohly sculptured,
entered largely and lavishly to the extent of
many thousands of pounds. All this extra-
vaganoe is how a thing of the past, to the I
great' loss of Italian importers Who have a
monopoly of the article.’
We have not ^he spaoe for farther dis-
oussion of the leading fodtureeiri these
interesting reports, but would like to point
out to British merchants in the Near East
that there are plenty of openings for trade in
Syria and Palestine, and that, thanks to the
high rapntation of British goods, and, we may
add, of British traders,energy oombined with a
readiness to attend to the eoonomio needs of
the people, will meet with their reward. The
town population shows a wish to better itself
that may be manifested in strange ways—eg. in
an increasing demand for ready-made sails of
exceptional atrocity—bnt should none the less
be olosely studied by British firms and their
agents of travellers.

NOTES FROM SUEZ

GOODS TRAIN DERAILED.
(From our Correspondent).
Suez, Wednesday.
A goods train laden with sugar while Doming
in to the old Snez station at 7 o'clock this
morning, owing to the break Ming to act,
ran right throogh the railings and thanoeover
the road into an inhabited house, of which part
of the wall was knocked down, and the engine
made its way through a room. Three trucks are
very badly damaged, one of which was jerked
over the locomotive and turned over. The
engine in addition to being partly bnried in
tbe sand, was to all appearenoe seriously
damaged.
Fortunately there was nobbdy bort, with
the exception of the enginfrdriver who escaped
With W severe shook, on aooonnt of which
he had to be oonveyed to the hospital.

ANOTHER RUSSIAN TRANSPORT.
The Russian transport Memory, flying the
commercial flag, arrived atvnes yesterday
afternoon from 8eYgon, and entered the Canal
latt ni^it bound to Port Said where ihe will
receiveo rders.
This vessel was attaohed to Admiral Rod-
jestvensky's squadron, and escaped at the
oommsnoement of the naval battle, and subse-
quently took refuge jt Saigon.
She was cleared here by the Russian Consul.

AMERICAN DIPLOMATIC AGENCY.

The Hon. Lewis M. Iddings, appointed
Diplomatio Agent and Consnl General for the
U. 8. of America in Egypt, in suooeesion to
Mr, John W. Riddle, reoently transferred as
Minister to Ronmania, has arrived in Cairo
from Rome, where he was for the past eight
years first secretary to the Embassy. Mr.
Iddings is leaving again in the oonrae of a
few days on a two months’ holiday, and will
retorn to take np his new post offioially on
tho 1st November.
The Agency and Consulate, where Mr.
Iddings will reside, is to be removed on
the 1st Ootober from tbe Sharia Gamah
Shorkess to Kasr-el-Donbara, and wilLba locat-
ed in the house belonging to Mr. Frederick
G. Morgan, the deputy Consul-General, situat-
ed opposite the residence of H.B. Fakbry
Pasha.

CORPORATION OF WESTERN
EGYPT, LIMITED.'

The Board have entered into an agreement
with Messrs. Lake and Carrie for their reten-
tion as consulting engineers in connection
with the well-boring operations in the Oases'of
Western Egypt, about to he oondooted on a
much larger scale nnder the immediate super-
vision of Mr. H. J. L Boadnell, P.GR., F.R.G.S.,
the corporation’s manager in the Oases and
geologioal expert (late of the Geological
I Survey, Egyptian Government). The chemist,
who has spent the past season investigating
the earthy minerals of Khargeh, retarns to
Bgypt early in September, and nnder his
direction immediate steps will be taken to man-
ufacture aluminium sulphate upon a com-
mercial scale. A large number of tank* for
this parpese will be ooastruotod forthwith.

RUMOURED PROPERTY SALE.

The romonr reoently spread by some of the
Cairo paperif tEiFTfie property Ynown as Bie
Pension Fink had been sold by its present
owner, Qsman Bey Sherif, to an English
syndicate for £95,000, is altogether incorrect,
as no suth1 kale has taken place, although there
have been several offers of pnrohaiifllately.*
The history of this property is a forcible
illustration of the immense rise within the past
year or two in the jSrioe' of building sites,
especially in the fashionable quartan. The
house and grounds, ooosikting of 7,600 square
metres, fronting the promenade drive in the
Sharia Snleimaq Pasha, were purchased bight
years ago for £14,000 by Madame' Fink, after
whom the pension was named, from Abdel
Kader Pasha Helmi, a former Minister of the
Interior. Madame Sursook bought it trom the
last owner in the oommenoemoutoi the present
year for £49,000 but, on learning of the axle,
Osman Bey Sherif exercised his right of pre-
emption at this prioe. In March the Mixed
Tribunal admitted his right' and he then
entered into possession. The old Pension Pink
is now being demolished preparatory to the
resale of the land.

ESBEKIEH GARDENS.

By kind permission of Lt. Col C. J. Mark-
ham aud Offi-ers, the band of the 1st Btn.
King's Royal Rifles will perform the follo#to&
programme of mosioat theBibekieh Gardens
tomorrow .(Friday) evening,commencing at 9
o’clock:—

STEAMER MOVEMENTS
-nn The 8.8. Avooa of the Wertoott and Lao-
:RS.
• togLindoBC c.n si <• iM «*
’ The-M.M. mail boat Niger, whieh left Alex-
andtla last Friday;- arrived *r MiNltalliS--»t
iJJu flvtfofolook thfctooNiSf. K Tnv rt

A serious explosion of a limacatoUr • in
ast 8atard*yv involving ssstonsahjeky 4o Mr.
rn. of »bok -M	wm	ud att Idfca	B.ilda*. II—-y,
™ th. locomotive end tomrfov* Tbe tk„„ M'*. yeri. met, .Wet* »lee. LR. 800.-	T
anmnfl in litniHMi t/v Mens Marl* nnnM in .a L el  ________________as. . „ .nr.



force that -both Mr tWNvnJ-and; Mti Arohsr
were thrown down, and «at tha tibia them
thrown sonM'tan yards amqr -from that pletr
whert they-were ataodiogi -Mn iWans aam
thrown into a sea-water ditoh and waaitahao-
out nnoonscionsi whilst Ms I wha^.oa regain-
ing his featr jwped op tolho top.of.the boiler
__j 'a- -v.____________________t Vi'

and shat off the main steam valve; both were
severely soalded. Some two tons of the
strnotnra were thrown into the air with tarrifio
force’ and knbekadia • hols tbwwgbtfee 4ron
roof of the oondenser, whioh is aboat^dosay
hart feet- Mgh. Dru lWabim i Bffendi”Pehnri,-
acting ft4fr-OV was immediately seat fortto
render-medioal aid to thatwe jared eeginews,
and fcrt Wuid i4t vreoaturey to ’ vemain 4n
attendance on Mr. Warn all ntgbt- Df. Wilson
was telegraphed for to maw tntc RaftbeSd’by
special train a*rd oa bit arrival found tbertwo
patients progressing favorably.- He ieft agam
the next day, leaving orter* that faVshMldbe
wired hr itemedfetolt «•tot/'ehahgrfor’tta*
wjrse appealed.-MY. Arobof is new ttuoh’
better but Mr.l'WaiW ■tilleoffers considerably'.
Dr. Fehmi hopes thab be will haw comptately
reoovered fn tori da/t) tirnn. ’•**



CARLTON HOTEL.
ULKair (near Alexandria.)
BAM LEE’S FASHIONABLE HOTEL
FATBOKUBlY BV THN ILITB.
Oafcrw.aONRt at NMKtakw atatlaa.
IIMSUSSM	G.'AQUILINA. hwW*
ABjSTON AEJftlE^^RS
. Guaranteed DlttUled


H.H. Prince Mohamed Ah arrived at (W
‘ ^llrim llil Vrih foiliHlN tha fhiMI
FiMKefc ywolMoq »roa .**> «
Mr. Douglas Dunlop;- seoretary-general to
t^aM^u oC^ffiKb' Instruettob har^r^wd-;
«by the
4 We are informedttaU the Ministry of
' One of onr oonta
A.J. Cotteriti, obM
hetf/tm^ood wetbrwfty^timtMr. B*,ol the*
'ehnri; Mr. A.R Robinson, ohiaf aooountant to the
fortto Khedivial Mail Steamship end Qiaviog Dpoks.
in -te Odstoms Adpimstiati^. al ^oft MmfcW.
miaon *3! Imtb Alexandria on September ^W, to take '
Mmf uphunewposk-~	-c“If
wtfwy . i	■	■
MtaM* Judge C.O. MortarA, acting president of the
Alexandria Miked-Oonrt-of* Appeal, repieeiet-.
w ♦*** ed both that Ooert and the Minl> Orotaaef.
’maob‘ first Imrtmoe htShe’fweerol oMhfr Me^aid
NEW RAILWAY LINK
El Kaimalcam Loogfield Bey, RR, acting
director ofthe vailwajW went -up to Sallom1
by special train on.tha-9tL-in«t, and met
Bimbashi Newoombe there, to arrange for tbe
sorveyof the new line to Port'fludan. He
returned to Snakin on the following day.
SHIP ON THB REBP8.
: The British India S.8. Persian Golf ran on
tx tbe rtefr whilst attbmpting- to oeme into
Snakin harbonr and two- dayr passed' before
she ooold be got off. She diselrtkged- here-*
large ooneignmeht of rioet
India.1 ■ t r -:1 *•'•- •	- ■* ’• •«’»-- "•••-
THE LATB MR. GOWER.
The sad news of Mr. Gower’s death at Snez
was reoeive4 l»«re wUh'great -«freV, more
especially by Mr. Wan^ with-be ffiaf
worked « th® Port* an$, Lights .Admi-
nistration. Mr. Gower was • appom^edi tha
Si akin ooodensers »boat a moath ago.. •
THE WBATHEK
The weather oontinnes excessively hot and
five more oases of snnstroke have oocnred,
two of them being European workmen and
three native soldiea of the Always.1 All have
reoCverecL *
SPORT A.ND PLAY.

E3SKBEr*\
waul Manh. KbsShrM AnUMW. aodaan Ik* Klac.
'TfslJa

KHBDiyiAL YACHT CLUB.
REGATTA.
The following is the result of yesterday's
regatta	N -	...» : <»u..
. . ... .	Class L
Boat	Start.	Finish.	Sailed by
1 Celtic 3.37.05 6.14.20 Capt Evans
9 Leman AA1A0 -5 44 85 Mr. deBlanta
8 Tier el-Mina 3,3305.5.16.05Capt F.Borg
Banshee.	i.Usdfo	Dorfln^''’
Coot	8.84.40	5:20.05	Sagh. Curwen
Minnie	3.30.15 «.« 25 N.W.tt'COoroy
Sank Pareille 8 50.15 gave np R L Delaqnls
. O*1 ' ', c'CEA88“n."
1	CalypsoN 4.12 07 5.^6.25 H. de Tschudi
2	Lanrea \ 4.24.15 5A&,dO Priboe Aziz
8 Mast ,4 07.40 5.59.45 P. Ott
Jessica	u.55.7 5	6.02.45 Grafton Bey
Akraba	8 57,10 6.18.20 Sagb. PhiUips
Tbe wind was fresh from the N’.W. In Class
I., the Ssns-PaseiUe unfortunately got into
ooUisiori With the Celtio and had to give np
throogh being disabled; the sailing oommittee's
decision was in favour of the Celtic. The
Banshee unfortunately started very late.
Tbe numberef points gained np to date (for
this month) is \k follows:—Class I., Celtic A,
Leman 6, Sans Pareille 5, Tier el-Mina Z,
Minnie 6, Banshee 8, Coot 9. Class IL —
Masr 8, Jessica 8, Calypso 6, Akraba 6,
Laqrea 8.	• r» _ 1' '	■	,i
Notice is hereby given that for the rest of
this season the 8t George is prohibited from
taking pirt in any df the Club raoes.
ALEXANDRIA SWIMMING CLUB.
A very enjoyable afternoon was spent on
Satarday last at the basin entered by-No. f8.
Cuatotas Gate, the usnal bathing resort of the
members of the above olnb.
Polo praotioe was indulged in, and was fol-
lowed by some diving and swimming! ,';i'
Tbe usual meeting will be held on Satarday
next at 4.80 p.m.
"A1 Abram’s" Constantinople correspondent
states tha ‘	*
SIS?
his nnole, who died , very si
It is believed that ATTBsy Ismail vrill replace
the Ute Hassan Bey Sahik si mNlNn6iiltai'e<
the KhedfVMd-eewrt L-iM- ■	•*»
I Vicv iL t-n I ________
Ahmed Bffendi Montasir, till lately taoasren
at the Goaxurooraf; of Aleyanflri
appointed moawan of the.Harioirt.iMrL^
•■*'» T-	m m.
Hie “London Gazette" annonn^a the
Capt. Cohn Keppel who suooeeds Sir Berkr
Yesterday the libv*y t»f Cruikihankians,
arobsmlagksJ wsodta; - i^j lil—hg
to "the weH-kcrern- EgyptMegisDo Ma ftsfo
Pettigrew, librarian to ths' jfehe «SiSsasn>,
« k-O+f imM.
I "*», awHRan’l, «JwA aru2»ianL| 4 ^
ALEXANDRIA.
August ' "j “ ' ‘	*' * •
Thur*. 94 San Stefano Casino. Vooal and
I a,,1 .inrtneprotabCcB6Wti.*^tar -
MewPdllta’eBehton— t Ass fkint
RoiliNWnlsfftaiMtal tat—j> eflrn-
a	*n--«	^ -■ a
noon. oumayi, -Nin»iTmgr* «
Windsort HAf' Orfht^' « to
-'•dfartete. 9.Uyun. iuf K,( •
Crow* Ossino^ bsahisuieh. 9.80 p.m.
TbeaWef¥mstlm4swCicsotataX
A. IT'D:‘ground. A. C. 0. t>. Mr.
StrenmfoXt.l.lOpJK
B?-
■ 3 p-m.-.	8	- ..
Alex Swimming Club. Members
Table N’Heta LanahaMs 4 Olnnara
’ IfMi ah 'fbi' Tarcaaa. w
ORCHESTRA PLAYS fl lY) U.80 PM
din ■	-
'f«sdd»awmi»iAtaJ-h-N w
Sfa^^sItaW} •Okrino. Snbscriben
August
Tbara. 21 Bsbekieh Theatre. Italian Comedy
^ujy-ti»u ,v v	’w
Theatre desNomynatfo. 9.80
Mill rPs.Miirmngb.b
'	*•' meifsb lobWmm.
PM.