THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE. MONDAY, AUGUST 21, 1905.

STRUGGLE FOR PEACE.

JAPANESE CONFIDENT.

ROOSEVELT AND ROSEN.

Portsmouth (N.H.), August 19.
The Conference has adjourned until Tues
day afternoon when the protocol will be signed.
Meanwhile the plenipotentiaries will consult
their respective Governments. The final deci-
sion rests with Tokio and St Petersburg. It is
noteworthy that the Japanese representatives
are confident of peace which is in contrast with
the Russian talk of failure.
The Conference disagreed on Article XI. but
agreed to Article XII: granting to the Japanese
fishing rights on the Siberian coast.	(R.)

Portsmouth (N.H.), August 19
It is stated that M. Witte has declined to
entertain Article XI., but has intimated that
Russia has no intention of maintaining a naval
force in the Far East constituting a threat to
Japan and other Powers.
Baron Rosen will dine with President Roose-
velt to-night It is oonolnded that Mr. Roose-
velt is endeavouring to prevent a rupture of
the negotiations.	(Reuter)

Portsmouth (N.H.), August 20.
Baron de Rosen conferred for an hour with
President Roosevelt. It is known that before
inviting Baron de Rosen, President Roosevelt
secured the active and cordial support of Great
Britain, France, and Germany. He also com-
municated with the Mikado.	(Renter)

Portsmouth (U.S.A.), August 19.
President Roosevelt has called Baron de
Rosen to Oyster Bay, having a message to
communicate to him.	(Havas)

LORD CURZON RESIGNS.
London, August 20.
It is officially stated that Viscount Curzon,
Viceroy and Governor-General of India, has
resigned. Mr. Balfour has communicated the
resignation to the King.	{Ranter)

Though Reuter’s brief telegram gives no
reason for Lord Corzon’s resignation, it is im-
possible to avoid the inference that it is in
some way connected with the recent dispute
between Lord Kitchener and the Viceroy. It
was generally stated and believed that the
dispute had terminated in a satisfactory com-
promise, but from the latest acoounts it seems
only too probable that after experience of the
actual working of the compromise, Lord Cur-
ton found it less satisfactory than it had ap-
peared on paper. On the other hand Lord
Curzon has now been seven years in India, hav-
ing been reappointed Viceroy in 1904, and is
known to be feeling the effects of the climate
and the hard work which his position involves.
Here, we hope, will be found the true cause of
his resignation, for the fact that a Viceroy had
retired in consequence of a dispute with the
Commander-in-Chief in India would be painful
to all who have the true interests of the Empire
at heart.

THE CHANNEL SQUADRON.

PACIFIC GERMANY.
Amsterdam, August 19.
The Channel Squadron is being feted in the
most cordial manner in Holland. It is stated
that the Channel Squadron will visit Stockholm
and Copenhagen.	{Renter)

Berlin, August 20.
The “Norddeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung” in
an article evidently inspired, and intended to
allay the excitement prodnoed by the cruise of
the Channel Squadron, says that the Baltio
visit is merely a reply to the repeated visits of
German warships to British ports, and that
every sober minded Briton or German hopes
that the visit will contribute to the mutual
esteem between the two great civilised nations.
( Reuter)

Ebbirg, August 20.
The Channel Squadron has arrived here.
(Renter)

FRANCE AND GERMANY.

THE ALGERIAN CHIEFS ARREST.

Berlin, August 19.
Germany has instructed Count Tattenbach
to co-operate with the French representatives
in order to secure satisfaction for the arrest
of the Algerian chief.	(Renter j

GERMAN EAST AFRICA.

MURDER OF MISSIONARIES.

Berlin, August 19.
Bishop Spies and four missionaries have
been murdered in German East Africa. The
Governor has requested reinforcements. (R)

THE FRENCH SENATE.
Pars, August 90.
M. Bourgeois has been elected Senator of
the Marne.	(Havas)

HOME CRICKET.
London, August 19.
Australians beat Northamptonshire by 829
runs. Sussex beat Hampshire by 87 runs.
Yorkshire beat Essex by 198 runs. Kent beat
Somerset by an innings and 7 runs. Worces-
tershire brat Gloucestershire by 8 wickets.
The rest of the matches were drawn. (R)

LOCAL AND GENERAL.

Stray and Ownerless Dogs found in the
Ain el Sherns district to-morrow night and at
dawn of the 29nd inst will be poisoned by the
police.

Sale of Land.— Mr. Antonio do Beneducoi
has sold to the Egyptian Estates, Ltd a
portion of his family's estate, for about half a
million francs.

A Charitable Gift.—The secretary of the
St. Andrew's Waterside Church Mission bas
received a donation of £100 from ‘ C.G.T.”
for the Lady Strangford Hospital, Port Said.

Suez Canal.—18 vessels passed through
the canal on the 17th inst., of which 9 were
British, 9 German, 1 French, 1 Russian. The
day's receipts were frs. 356,262.96, making the
total from the 1st inst frs. 5,156,156.38]

San Stefano Casino.—A grand ball with
cotillon will be given at the San Stefano
Casino on Saturday next. The ball will be
reserved entirely to subscribers, who will not
receive tickets of invitation, their subscription
tickets taking the place of them.

Fayoum Liqht Railways.—The receipts of
the Fayoum Light Railways Company during
the first ten days of the present month amount-
ed to L E 668.037 as compared with L.E.
598.857 during the corresponding period last
year, thus showing an increase of L.E 69.230.

Coal Imports.—From the 1st of January
to the 16th August, 592,859 tons of coal were
imported into Egypt. Wales sent 323 641, New-
castle 138,232, Scotland 74,028, Yorkshire
33,934, and other places 23,024 tons. During
the same period of last year 617,911 tons were
received.

The Cotton-Worm.—In consequence of the
practical extinction of tho cotton-worm, the
Ministry of the Interior has struck off the list
of employes temporarily appointed to cotton-
worm duty, twenty three moawins idara, or
head clerks, and ordered them to return to
their duties in the Gharbiah and Behera
moudiriehs, their-services being no longer
required.

Brutal Assault.—A Berberin boy, while
crossing the street at Minet-el-Bassal, saw a
carriage bearing down on him. He rushed to
the pavement and had the misfortune to tread
on the foot of an Italian named Giuseppe
Polias. This brute, in an outburst of ill-temper,
caught the boy, struck him in the face, and
stabbed him in the nook with a knife, inflicting
a serious wound. The Italian is still at large.

Attempted Suicide.—A young Greek girl
of eighteen years of age attempted to commit
suicide last Saturday by throwing herself from
thereof of a house in the Moharrem Bey quarter.
She was severely injured and will require at
least three week's medical treatmentbefore she
can reoover. The girls gives as tflb reason for
this attempt on her own life, that she was
thwarted in love, but refuses to give any details.

Killed by a Mule. — On Saturday Aid
Ramadan, an arbagi, took a mule to water at
El Azarito, Mohsrrem Bey. He appears to
have tied the end of the rope by which he led
the animal round his waist. Being suddenly
alarmed, the male dashed off at full gallop,
and the unfortunate man fell and was dragged
along for some distance. His injuries were so
serious that he expired before he could be
carried to hospital.

Cattle Plaque.—Four deaths from cattle
plague were notified in Egypt during the week
ending last Saturday, all of them occurring in
the Sannoures district (Fayoum province). The
number of deaths during the corresponding
period last year was 409. Since the commen-
cement of the epidemic the total number of
deaths amounts to 147,437, distributed as
follows.— Gouvernorats 894 ; Lower Egypt
54,291 ; Upper Egypt, 93,251.

Tram Accident.—A tram car carrying goods
collided on Saturday evening with a passenger
car which had stopped at Carlton station. The
driver of the goods tram appears to have been
suddenly attacked by a fit of giddiness, and to
have fallen down a few seoonds before coming
in sight of the passenger tram. Deprived of
guidance his tram ran straight into the car,
which had halted at tbe station. Both
trams were derailed by the shock, but happily
no passengers sustained injuries. The driver
of the passenger car received a wound in the
left band, which will require four days’ treat-
ment. The driver of the other tram car will be
under medical care for five days.

Bubonic Plague. — The plague bulletin
issued by the Sanitary Department for the
week ending last Saturday shows a welcome
reduction in the number of cases which were
notified, and the number of localities in which
the cases ocurred is reduced to one, namely
Alexandria. The number occurring was seven,
three of which are Europeans. Three recoveries
and three deaths are reported, and there now
remain thirteen cases under treatment, twelve
of which are at Alexandria, and one at
Dekerness. The total numbers of cases since
January amounts to 228, Compared to 775
during the corresponding period last year.
Yesteday’s bulletin reports one death and one
recovery at Alexandria. The fatal case was
that of a native woman, who was found dead
at her house in the Mobattea Bay quarter.

ABBASSIEH DESERT OASIS.

THE ELECTRIC RAILWAY.

The electric railway for whioh Boghos Pasha
Nubar and M. Empain gained the concession
at the same time as the muoh talked of Oasis
conoession, will start from the end of the
Rue Djellal, where it joins the Sharia Boulac
at the new Dalra Khasaa buildings, and cros-
sing it, will proceed past the Pont-Limoun
station, in the Plaoe Bab-el-Hadid, and along-
side the Boulevard Abbas to the Pont de
Ghamreh, whence it will run parallel to the
Marg line as far as Koubbeh, and thence across
the desert to the terminus, the whole length
being between eight and nine kilometres. The
speed allowed on this electric railway will be
seventy kilometres an hour, whilst the tramways
only run at between twelve and fifteen kilo-
metres, so that the entire distance from point
to point can be effected in a quarter an hour
or so, including stoppages on the way.
A tramway line will also be laid from their
property to the terminus at Abbassieh of the
tramway Company, and will be worked in
conjunction with the latter. This line will
cross that of the State Railway by a 'raised
metallic structure, lightly built, and supported
by, iron pillars. The plans and estimates for
the two lines are now being prepared, and it is
expected that the work will be taken in hand
in the course of the next three or four months
and take a year to complete.

THE NEW ESNEH BARRAGE

We mentioned recently in these columns
that the Government proposed to construct
a new barrage at Esneh, and that the Mini-
stry of Public Works had prepared the specifi-
cations for the works.
This new barrage is intended to hold up
the Nile flood for the irrigation of such lands
in Upper Egypt as are now deprived of water
during the period of a low Nile, and come
under the designation of "sharaki." Had this
dam been at present in existence the full
effect of the existing low flood would in all
probably not have been felt or, at all events
would have been minimised. The work will
take three years at least, the same time as
the Assiout one took, as it can only be done
in the spring and summer when the river is
at its lowest.

CAIRO TRAMWAY COMPANY.

In our issue of 80th Jane last we mentioned
that the Tramway Company were making
considerable alteration on their old Cairo line
between Kaar-el-Nil square and Poum-el-
Khalig. These alterations comprise the doub-
ling of the line for a distance of abont two kilo-
metres, and the removal of the present single
line from the carriage way, in order to allow
that part of the road to remain entirely free for
vehicular traffic. The new double line is being
laid on one side, and a pavement is being
made between for pedestrians. These improve-
ments, which were necessitated by the con-
stantly increasing traffic, will avoid the delays
occasioned by there being only one line;
besides improving the carriage-way, which, in
future, will be ten metres wide. The work is
expected to be completed by the beginning of
next month, when the new service will com-
mence.
Mr. Dessales, the General Manager of the
Company in Cairo, is returning from Italy
sooner than was expected in consequence of
several matters that require his attention in
connection with the many extensions and new
lines about to be begun, and will arrive by
the Rubattino steamer due on Sunday.

THE KORONFISH INCIDENT.
Baruc Youzsef, and Ibrahim Isaao Levi, the
Israelites who opposed such a vigorous resist-
ance to the police who had entered a suspect-
ed hashish establishment, have been questioned
by the Parquet and deny the truth of the
charge brought against them. They assert
that they were passing by the house into which
the police had forced an entrance, when the
sister of one of them called to them from the
window, appealing for assistance against
burglars who had got into the house. As
they tried to enter, a man in civil dress
stopped them at the door, and threatened
them with his sword-stick. Thinking that the
man was in league with a gang of thieves they
threw him on the ground, and snatched away
his stiok. This attracted a large crowd and
everyone thought that it was a fight with
thieves, the police agents being in plain
cloathes. The Sheikh el hara declared that he
heard that thieves were attacking a house and
on going to find out what was happening, and
received a shot in the abdomen.
In spite of all inquiries made up to the
present, it has not, as yet, been discovered by
whom the police agent was wounded. An
Armenian, amongst whom some of those who
were involved in the trouble took refuge, has
been questioned by the Parquet, but with no
definite result. In the meanwhile, the two
Israelites have been handed over to the care of
the French Consulate to await developments.

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The Ellermah S.S. City of Oxfprd sailed on
Saturday for Malta and Liverpool, with general
cargo including 2,368 bales cotton.

NOTES FROM PORT SAID.

AUSTRIAN BMPBROR'S BIRTHDAY.

(From our Correspondent).
Port Said, Sunday.
The anniversary of the birth of the Austrian
Emperor Francois Joseph was celebrated here
yesterday by the Austrian residents, “en fete.”
A high mass was held at the Church of St.
Kugenie attended by the Austrian Consul and
staff. This was followed by a reception which
in its turn gave place to a dinner held in
the garden of the Eastern Exchange, during
and after which the Lyra band played selec-
tions. Festivities were kept up till a late
hour.

PLAGUE ON BOARD SHIP.
The S.S. Riverton, whioh on arrival at Suez
appears to have had a doubtful case of plague
on board, was there granted “free pratique."
but on arrival at Port Said yesterday the
case for some time engaged the attention of
the quarantine officials, who declared it bona
fide plague and removed the patient to the
segregation depot. No communioation with
the shore was allowed, and the vessel left
in strict quarantine in the course of the after
noon for Malta.

CONGRATULATIONS.
It is with much pleasure that I announce
the receipt here of news from England of the
birth of a son to Mr. and Mrs. Tarrel Mr.
Tarrel is the director of Customs in Port Said,
and is well known to the inhabitants of Alex-
andria, in which town he spent some years
of his life.

LARGE PROPERTY SALE IN CAIRO.
The large fine block of buildings situated
opposite the new Museum of Antiquities in
the Sharia Abbas, which belongs to the Mis-
sion Afrioaine, has been sold to Madame Fink,
the former proprietor of the Pension Fink, which
is now being demolished, for £17,000,including
the value of the site of nearly 1,000 square
metres. The building, which is four storied and
was erected about four years ago at a cost of
£18,000 approximately, produces now an annual
rental of some £900, and in it are the head
offices of the Tramway Company. The present
owner seems to have made a good bargain, for
when the new boulevard Abbas is completed,
and the leases of the present tenants expire
in abont 1 1/2 years the rents of the several
apartments are likely to be increased.
The Mission Africaine have a plot of vacant
building land in tbe vicinity, of 3,800 square
metres, for which an offer of purchase at £7 to
£8 per square metre has just been refused, as
it is expected that the contemplated improve-
ments, and the making of the boulevard, will
be certain to cause an increase in the value of
land in this district.

THE SARKIS AFFAIR
Now that the unnatural mother, who was
recently found guilty of employing her own
children for immoral purposes, and profiting
by their gains, has been punished, we should
like to know if any measures have been taken
to protect these minors, who must need the
most careful education, and the strictest guard,
after their demoralising experience. The sen-
tence on the mother was well deserved, but,
what has been done, now that the children
are left fatherless, and temporarily motherless,
without relations or friends, to protect them
from similar dangers in the future.
There seems to have been a certain want of
enterprise in the court which condemned the
woman Sarkis, but, to judge from its silence
on the matter, made no attempt to find out
who were the persons who had committed
the offences of which the court had ample
evidence. Morally they are as guilty as the
victims of the law, and it is most unfortunate,
in our opinion, that no attempt has been made
to take proceedings against them. Are they
all protected by the Capitulations.

ESBEKIEH GARDENS.
By kind permission of Lieut-CoL C. J. Mark-
ham and Officers, 1st Bn. King’s Royal Rifles,
the band will perform the following programme
of music at the Ezbekiah Gardens to-morrow
(Tuesday) evening, commennng at 9 o’clock.

NOTES FROM CYPRUS.

TREATMENT OF CATTLE.

(From our Correspondent.)
Nicosia, August 17.
The export of cattle to Egypt continues.
Attention has bean drawn from time to time
in the "Egyptian Gazette” to the vary lax
methods practised in the shipment to end
disembarcation at Port Said of cattle from
Levantine ports, and some interesting com-
munications on the subject between certain
Egyptian authorities were lately published in
the columns of your journal, which strikingly
revealed the need of improvement in this
matter. I am assured that a shipment of
cattle from Cyprus to Egypt rarely takes
place without deaths ooourring from over-
crowding, or other ill-treatment The animals
are little, if at all, fed or watered while on the
journey, and if report be true, they often stand
in several inches of powdered gypsum, the
particles of which fill the air of the hold, and
tend to make Hie all hot insupportable to tbe
wretched beasts. Tbs often expressed opinion
that this state of things oosts thousands of
pounds to Cypriot exporters is probably no
exaggeration. There are both in Egypt and
Cyprus societies for the prevention of cruelty
to animals Could not they go into the subject
jointly, and draw np a report oontaining
practical suggestions for the consideration of
the authorities responsible for the shipping
regulations t The existing regulations, it would
seem, are either not enforced, or stand in need
of drastio revision, both in respeot of the spaoe
allowed per beast, the feeding, and the water-
ing. Whatever the standing regulations may
be, it would appear to be necessary that an
authorised official should accompany each ship-
ment to see that they are duly earned out
The present needless waste and depreciation
of animal life is deplorable, and exporters
would be wise if they agreed to pay a slightly
higher rata of freight in order to insure their
cattle arriving in sound and healthy con-
dition.


AGRICULTURAL NEWS.
At this time of year whole villages are
deserted in some parts of the Island, the
occupants having taken up their summer
quarters in the fields in order to protect their
ripening crops, e.g. figs, melons, olives, colo-
cynths, etc. This is by no means an unneces-
sary precaution, as many small thefts are
reported to the polive. The villagers erevt
little shanties of reeds, brushwood,etc., and the
owners of fig trees, especially, often find ex-
cellent shade beneath their wide-sprrading
branches. Sumach is now being collected from
the vineyards, the leaves of which are dried
and ground, and exported to Syria and else-
where for use in tanneries. Remunerative
prioee are obtained. Some promising fields of
ootton, of tha “Peteririn" variety, are to be
seen near Morphou. They are flowering well.

NICOSIA-FAMAGUSTA RAILWAY.
Now that the railway is open to traffic on
the Nicosia-Famagusta track, the question of
appointing officials is to the fore. There is a
laudable desire to give posts, as far as possible,
to Cypriots, but there must be considerable
difficulty in selecting the applicants—of whom
there are a great number—very few of whom
have ever seen a train. We hear of chemists’
oompounders, domestic servants, etc. becoming
stationmastors, train guards, and so forth, and
whether this is so or not, there must neces-
sarily be many suoh anomalies in the oase of
the first introduction of a railway into any
country. The native press would wish to see
all the appointments filled by natives and at
high rates of pay, but a little reflection on
their part should oonvinoe them that at least
the more responsible officials should be trained
and experienced men, and these are not to be
be found at present among the Cypriots. The
minor, unskilled officials oould hardly expeot
wages at the same rate of pay as the higher
olass men, though in time, no doubt, they will
beoome competent to fill the better paid posts.



OUR VISITORS.
The two sons of Sir Charles and Lady King-
Harman arrived in Cyprus last week to spend
their school holidays here. Messrs. Percy and
Wilfrid Christian have recently arrived from
England. Major French, R.A.M.C., and Mrs.
French sail this week for England on long
leave. Major French has been ill for some
time, but is now rapidly recovering his health.
Mr. E. 0. Antonades, of Alexandria, is at
present at Larnaca, superintending the erection
of a girls’ school, which he is building there
at a cost of about £1,000.

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.
Colonel C. Rawnsley, D.S 0., commanding
Army Service Corps in Egypt, has been granted
sick leave for two months from the 23rd
instant.

Judge and Mr. Alston are leaving Marseilles
for Egypt on the 22st September by the P. and
0.S.S. China.

Captain and Adjutant J. H. Davidson, 1st
KRR Corps, has had his leave extended to
the 30th September.

Mr. A. T. MCKillop, of the Finance Minis-
try, is returning by tha P. and 0. S.S. Arabia,
sailing from Manefflea on the 15th September.

Dr. Herbert Milton and Dr. D. M. Beddoe
an expedted back in Cairo on tbe 27th
proximo.

OBITUARY

A GREAT PAINTER

Paris, August 90.
The painter Bouguereau has died. (Havas)
Adolphe William Bouguereau, a French
painter, and Member of the Institute, was born
at La Rochelle, Nov. 80, 1835. He began life
in a business house at Bordeaux, but obtained
permission to attend the drawing school of M.
Alaux for two hours a day. His fellow-pupils
treated him with contempt on account of his
business connections, and when, at tho end of
the year, he gained the first prize, the excite-
ment was so great that a riot ensued, and a
formal protest was made by the pupils against
his receiving it, but without effect. He then
turned all his attention to painting, and enter-
ed the studio of Pieot, in Paris, and later
entered the Boole des Beaux Arts, where his
progress was rapid. In 1850 he went to Rome,
and in 1854 exhibited “The Body of St Cecilia
borne to the Catacombs,” since which time he
has occupied a leading portion among the
artists of the Modern French School. His next
great work was “Philomela and Proone” 1861.
Both these pictures are now in the Luxem-
bourg. “Mater Afflictorum,” or “Vierge Con-
solatrice,” 1876, was purchased by the French
Government for 19,000 franca. Among his
pictures exhibited at the Salon may bd men-
tioned "The Bather,” 1870; "Harvest Timd”
1879; "The Little Marauders,” 1878; “Homer
and his Guide,” 1874 ; Flora end Zephyna,”
1875; "Pieta,” 1878; "Youth and Love," 1877;
"The Scourging of Our Lord," 1880; “Lie
Virgin with Angela,” 1881; “Slave Carrying a
Fan,” 1882; "The Youth of Bacchus,” and
"Byblis," 1885; “Love Disarmed,” 1888; Love
Victorious,” 1887; "Baigneuaoa,” 1888; “Psyche
and Lore,” 1889 ; “L’Amour MouilM,” 1901.
M. Bouguereau executed the mural paintings
in the St Louis Chapel of the Church of St
C.otilde, and in the Church of St Augustine.
Many of his pictures have been engraved by
Francois.

SIR WILLIAM CLOWES.
Sir William Laird Clowes, the well-known
naval critic and writer, passed away at St
Leonards last Monday; at the early age of
forty-nine years, having been born in 1856 at
Hampstead. Deceased, who was knighted in
1902, was the eldest son of William Clowes
some time one of the Registrars in Chancery.
Educated successively at Aldenham, King’s
College, London, and Linobln’e Inn, he at the
last moment abandoned the Bar for journalism,
and wrote on technical subjects, chiefly naval,
subsaquently devoting himself to research
in naval history. Some of his papers on the
condition of the Navy have been translated
into many languages, and have probably, for
good or evil, had an enormous influence upon
naval as well as public opinion. He served on
the Arts and General Committees of the Royal
Naval Exhibition of 1891, gained the Gold
Medal of the United States Naval Institute in
the following year, was elected a Fellow of
King’s College, London in 1896, and was
chosen an hon. member of the Royal United
Service Institution, before which he had more
than once lectured, in 1896. He was the author
of numerous books, indnding “The Naval
Pocket-book,” "The captain of the Mary Rose,”
“Blood is Thicker than Water;” and others.
Little more than two years ago, in the preface
to his "History of the Royal Navy,”he wrote,"
"Begun at a time when I was in my usual good
health. Volume I. was still in the rough when
I was attacked by a malady which, though its
action is sometimes slow, seldom spares the
life of its victims ; and in consequence I was
suddenly ordered away from England, where
alone I could have prosecuted the work under
conditions entirely favorable. Except during
intervals, I had to remain abroad or in the
Channel Islands until the autumn of 1909.”
Sir William married in 1882 Ethel, second
daughter of the late L.F. Edwards, of Mitcham.

CAPTAIN R CECCONI.
Our Suez correspondent writes :—
It is with the deepest regret that I have to
announce the sad death at Bert of Captain R
Ceoooni (Capitaine d’armement) of the Suez
Canal Company.
Captain Cecconi died yesterday afternoon at
4 o’clock at his residence at Port Tewfik after a
short illness. His funeral took place at 4 p.m.
to-day, and was attended by the whole Euro-
pean communities of Suez and Port Tewfik.
Numerous wreaths were sent by his friends.
Several officials of the Suez Canal Company
specially came to Suez from Ismailia and Port
Said, and were present at the funeraL
The deoeased had served the Canal Company
for 30 years, and his death is greatly regretted
by all who knew him. All steamers in port and
the shipping agencies have their flags at half-
mast.

